docs: event trigger configuration (#22)
dequelabs/a11y-metrics-poc: README.md

```
![Accessibility Badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dequelabs/<REPO_NAME>/auto-generate-vpat-report/a11y_metrics.json)
```

## When to run the VPAT workflow

By default, the VPAT workflow is triggered by two events:

1. `workflow_dispatch` - Manually trigger the workflow using the GitHub API, CLI, or browser interface
2. `schedule` - Every week on Sunday at 12:00 AM UTC

> You can modify the `on` trigger events to something sensible for your project's release cycle. For example, you may want to trigger the workflow only when a new release is created using the `release` event trigger. Or you may want to trigger the workflow when commits are pushed to your `main` branch using the `push` event trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the `on` trigger events to something sensible for your project's release cycle. For example, you may want to trigger the workflow only when creating a new release using the `release` event trigger. Or you may want to trigger the workflow when commits are pushed to your `main` branch using the `push` event trigger.
```
